I'll give it a try,
The son of God who was injured by the fish was in red that day.
Dad, Sister Tiannian probably hasn’t seen you anymore.
That’s why I said the wrong thing if I was too nervous.
It's very important, you remembered it wrong.
It's not that you took Tiantian astray,
Besides, what do I need to change?
Leave the baby alone.
Where is Sister Tiannian? Brother, where is Sister Tiannian here? Is it you?
Brother, you met in front of the company inspection office that day,
At that time, you just wanted to meet someone to save your worries,
Where is Sister Tiannian in need?
Another peace of mind. How much does this woman want to do?
No, brother
Aren't you happy to see Tiantian?
i see you again
This is my happiest thing
I just know how to wake up my brother
The best for me is strange
Why do you call me every day to wake up, brother, hello?
My name is wake up
God calls to wake up brother